README.md, before:

# 🌟 Awesome Crew AI Projects/ Apps
A curated collection of awesome Crew AI projects/apps built with RAG and AI agents. This repository will feature Crew AI apps that use models from OpenAI, Anthropic, Google, and open-source models like DeepSeek, Qwen or Llama that you can run locally on your computer : D

Learn from well-documented projects and contribute to the growing open-source ecosystem of Crew AI-powered applications.
  
## 📂 Featured Crew AI Projects
I will put Cool Crew AI projects that I find, or make here : )
- [💼 Marketing Crew - Makes posts for All major Social medias](https://github.com/OneDuckyBoy/marketing-MAS-multi-agent-system)
- [✈️ Automated Vacation Planner](https://github.com/techindicium/MultiAgent-CrewAI)
- [🎮 Game Generator](https://github.com/crewAIInc/crewAI-examples/tree/main/game-builder-crew)
- [💼Marketing Strategy](https://github.com/crewAIInc/crewAI-examples/tree/main/marketing_strategy)
- [📰Newsletter Generator with GUI](https://github.com/alejandro-ao/exa-crewai)
- [Retail Advisor](https://github.com/IBM/ibmdotcom-tutorials/tree/main/crew-ai-projects)

## 🤔 Why Awesome Crew AI Apps?

- 💡 Discover practical and creative ways LLMs can be applied across different domains, from code repositories to email inboxes and more.
- 🔥 Explore apps that combine LLMs from OpenAI, Anthropic, Gemini, and open-source alternatives with RAG and AI Agents.

## ❓ What are my next projects?
✅ Test crew, that will make amazing tests on whatever topic you give it

✅ Health and Fittness planner agent
- [ ] Marketing Crew -  it is partly done - for now it only makes instagram posts 
- [ ] Movie Recommendation Agent
      
## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Click the link to the App you are interested in** 

2. **Follow the project-specific instructions** in each project's `README.md` file to set up and run the app.

## 🤝 Contributing to Open Source

Contributions are welcome! If you have any ideas, improvements, or new apps to add, please create a new [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/OneDuckyBoy/awesome-CrewAI-projects/issues) or submit a pull request. 

### note
some of the project ideas are taken from [here](https://github.com/Shubhamsaboo/awesome-llm-apps/tree/main)

Commit message:

marketing crew - WIP - has working  post making crew for all major social medias - to add email marketing and newsletters

README.md, after:

# 🌟 Awesome Crew AI Projects/ Apps
A curated collection of awesome Crew AI projects/apps built with RAG and AI agents. This repository will feature Crew AI apps that use models from OpenAI, Anthropic, Google, and open-source models like DeepSeek, Qwen or Llama that you can run locally on your computer : D

Learn from well-documented projects and contribute to the growing open-source ecosystem of Crew AI-powered applications.
  
## 📂 Featured Crew AI Projects
I will put Cool Crew AI projects that I find, or make here : )
- [💼 Marketing Crew - Makes posts for All major Social medias](https://github.com/OneDuckyBoy/marketing-MAS-multi-agent-system)
- [✈️ Automated Vacation Planner](https://github.com/techindicium/MultiAgent-CrewAI)
- [🎮 Game Generator](https://github.com/crewAIInc/crewAI-examples/tree/main/game-builder-crew)
- [💼Marketing Strategy](https://github.com/crewAIInc/crewAI-examples/tree/main/marketing_strategy)
- [📰Newsletter Generator with GUI](https://github.com/alejandro-ao/exa-crewai)
- [Retail Advisor](https://github.com/IBM/ibmdotcom-tutorials/tree/main/crew-ai-projects)

## 🤔 Why Awesome Crew AI Apps?

- 💡 Discover practical and creative ways LLMs can be applied across different domains, from code repositories to email inboxes and more.
- 🔥 Explore apps that combine LLMs from OpenAI, Anthropic, Gemini, and open-source alternatives with RAG and AI Agents.

## ❓ What are my next projects?
✅ Test crew, that will make amazing tests on whatever topic you give it

✅ Health and Fittness planner agent
- [ ] Marketing Crew -  it is partly done - for now it only makes posts for all major social medias - [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/), [x.com](https://x.com/) and [Threads](https://www.threads.net/) - to be done - to add email marketing and email newsletters
- [ ] Movie Recommendation Agent
      
## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Click the link to the App you are interested in** 

2. **Follow the project-specific instructions** in each project's `README.md` file to set up and run the app.

## 🤝 Contributing to Open Source

Contributions are welcome! If you have any ideas, improvements, or new apps to add, please create a new [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/OneDuckyBoy/awesome-CrewAI-projects/issues) or submit a pull request. 

### note
some of the project ideas are taken from [here](https://github.com/Shubhamsaboo/awesome-llm-apps/tree/main)
